[Music]
hi I'm Alan Ruth
I am the owner/operator of car chronics
biscayne here in Miami Florida and I'm
going to show you how to install a car
stereo subwoofer so here we go
so before we get started we want to make
sure we have our tools together we're in
a wire stripper hot solder pencil mines
cordless and some good quality 6040
rosin core electrical solder I like to
solder the wire into the box so that
there's no chance that it's going to
come loose with an extreme bass note or
big bumps so first we have to make sure
that our summary iron is good and hot
the mines been on for a few minutes so I
know it's good fun we're gonna take some
electrical solder and we're gonna heat
this wire and we're gonna tin it first
that means that we're going to get hot
and we're going to flow some solder on
it
do the same thing on the terminal cook
inside the box
then
sauter positives in a positive terminal
[Applause]
to the negative terminal
so here we have positive and negative
leads soldered to the terminal cup using
our solder pencil and our rosin core
solder now we're gonna connect that wire
to our 10 inch tick or sub woofer
strip off about a half an inch of
insulation on the positive and negative
wire and make the connection to the
terminals on the back of the wall
so we're gonna make sure to depress the
terminal far enough so that we can get
the wire in the hole release it that
binding post grabs onto that speaker
wire nice and tight the same on the
negative side we depress the terminal
fully insert the wire release and it's
nice and tight cédric make sure that
it's straight now we start with the good
course thread screws make sure that it's
good good and tight and we're gonna do
it in a cross fashion so we don't torque
the basket and there you have it now
we're gonna carry this to the car and
make the connections so now turn the box
around so here we're just gonna split
the wire down the middle pull it apart
and then strip about a half an inch of
insulation off of each side
[Music]
and then twirl it up
get it ready to go into the connector on
the back of the box get our wire
I want to make sure we plug in positive
to positive
and negative to negative
and that's it we tuck this wire is set
this up for the corner that's how you
install a car stereo subwoofer
[Applause]